No bones left
Sister, you can't go
You can't draw your sword
Don't worry, he is the dragon girl.
Nothing will happen to him if he draws his sword
And only the dragon girl can pull out the jade dragon sword
What if you got the wrong person?
Yes, Junior Sister
You can't draw your sword
We can't let you go on an adventure.
Two senior brothers
Say no more.
As you wish
Only by drawing a sword can we save you
Whether I am the dragon girl or not
I must marry
Since you can't make a decision
Then I'll make this decision for you
Yeah.
Somebody take it for me
What do you want?
I'm going to give you two options.
The first to draw the sword
In that case
I can spare a few of them today.
Second, you can leave without drawing your sword
But they all have to die today
How do you choose?
Little Junior Sister, don't worry, let's go
Little sister, hurry up
You saved three of our senior brothers back then
Now it's our turn to protect you
Go away, little sister
Your life is more important than anything else
Stop talking nonsense, I don't have that much patience
Are you dead or are they dead?